Style_guide (#1332)
spectrocloud/librarium: styleguide/troubleshooting-layout.md

# Table of Contents

 [Markdown Layout](#markdown-layout)

 [Section Breakdown](#section-breakdown)

## Markdown Layout

The following is a high-level overview of the markdown structure that all troubleshooting guides must contain. Take note of the markdown heading sizes.
```
# Scenario - <Insert Short Scenario Name>

<Intro paragraph with an overview of the scenarior and cause.>

## Debugging Steps
<Step 1 ...>
<Step N ...>
```

## Section Breakdown

| Section        | Description |
|----------------|-------------|
| Scenario (Title)   | The name assigned to the troubleshooting scenario. Aim for a brief title, ideally less than five words. |
| Intro Paragraph  | The introduction sets the context for the troubleshooting guide and explains the issue. |
| Debugging Steps  |  The step-by-step flow of how to address the issue or how to identify the problem. |

> For questions or concerns, please ask in the  Slack channel `education`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For questions or concerns, email us at spectro-docs@spectrocloud.com. 
```
